that is waiting or the transfer of the enjoyment of a glass
such a paulo where she lived
and oh, society
the mannschaft that once again that the
March 8 becomes one
a very special evening
first of all to see the legacy of your father in the summer
and we will certainly bring this evening as a kind of dog if you bring it
beautiful songs
referring to the future
will sing with the men but certainly also soli deo gloria by jaap
kramer we are going to sing together not as a maid
drivers in this Dutch market
and of course as if there are still some songs to be heard
including the beautiful songs that await us to flow a sing-along race
miraculous grace that deals with those journeys home
it becomes a real name agent the nobody should miss
the club you know it will be difficult that we want to keep telling about it
to do that other men's quartet exists now began four years
I have been in the home for half a year October 29
nrc coming singing there weren't many concerts coming to sing through the country
maarn
nothing with the four of us we even come with some friends
we still have a number of soloists
sometimes you have to bet on voices if someone gets sick because you are real
heavy with 4 so it could be that we come with seven
the new bore
it will be a special evening I would say
run out of alcohol
roddick succeeded
apply newspaper plan to be the people perished yes must all come
men's quartet is going to be the first
and so many with you
come sing singing on the way to the future